DOC: adapts documentation for first-time users (#28)
JoshKarpel/dask-chtc: docs/source/jupyter.rst

    how to run here. We recommend skimming this page, then reading about
    port forwarding, then coming back here to try out the commands in full.

.. warning::

    **Do not** run Jupyter notebook servers on CHTC submit nodes except through
    the process described on this page.

You may want to interact with your Dask cluster through a
`Jupyter notebook <https://jupyter.org/>`_.
Dask-CHTC provides a way to run a Jupyter notebook server on a CHTC submit node.

.. _Jupyter install documentation: https://jupyter.org/install

.. warning::

   Jupyter must be installed. This amounts to following the
   `Jupyter install documentation`_, which amounts to running
   ``conda install -c conda-forge jupyterlab`` or adding `jupyter` to the

>    ``environment.yml`` file.

Reviewer: Nitpick: can we not use "amounts" twice here? I'd also say that we should prefer `conda install` without `-c conda-forge` unless the package is actually not available in the standard channel.

Author: https://jupyter.org/install recommend `conda install -c conda-forge jupyterlab`. However, it looks like it's available on the defaults channel (`conda install jupyter`). I'll make that edit.

It is designed to mimic the behavior of running a Jupyter notebook server on
your local machine. Any command line arguments you pass to it will be
passed to the actual ``jupyter`` command line tool.

For example, if you normally start up a Jupyter Lab instance with ``jupyter
lab``. The equivalent command for Dask-CHTC is ``dask-chtc jupyter run lab``

> command would be

Reviewer: Grammar got a little messed up here. Maybe cut "command would be"?

            http://localhost:8888/?token=fedee94f539b0beea492bb358d549ed79025b714f3b308c4
         or http://127.0.0.1:8888/?token=fedee94f539b0beea492bb358d549ed79025b714f3b308c4

> HTCondor job events outputs some diagnostic information into this output
> stream. These messages may be helpful if your notebook server job is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dask-CHTC mixes HTCondor job diagnostic information into the normal Jupyter output stream.
These messages may be helpful if your notebook server job is
```
